Identity provider updates in v1.0 and beta (#13660)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/identityproviderbase-update.md

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Update an identity provider resource that is of the type specified in the request body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update an identity provider resource that is of the type specified by the **id** and the request body.
```

Reviewer 2: Line 15:
Similar to my comment for the GET operation topic, I think this should be:
"Update the properties of the specified identity provider in a tenant."

> Among the types of providers derived from identityProviderBase, you can currently update a [socialIdentityProvider](../resources/socialidentityprovider.md) resource in Azure AD. In Azure AD B2C, this operation can currently update a [socialIdentityProvider](../resources/socialidentityprovider.md), [openIdConnectIdentityProvider](../resources/openidconnectidentityprovider.md) or an [appleIdentityProvider](../resources/appleidentityprovider.md) resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among the types of providers derived from identityProviderBase, you can currently update a [socialIdentityProvider](../resources/socialidentityprovider.md) resource in Azure AD. In Azure AD B2C, this operation can currently update a [socialIdentityProvider](../resources/socialidentityprovider.md), [openIdConnectIdentityProvider](../resources/openidconnectidentityprovider.md), or an [appleIdentityProvider](../resources/appleidentityprovider.md) resource.
```
